docs: Make clear that PR diffs should stay small (#35368)
microsoft/playwright: CONTRIBUTING.md

CRPATH=<path-to-executable> npm run ctest
```

You will also find `DEBUG=pw:browser` useful for debugging custom-builds.

**Building documentation site**

The [playwright.dev](https://playwright.dev/) documentation site lives in a separate repository, and documentation from [`docs/src`](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/main/docs/src) is frequently rolled there.

Most of the time this should not concern you. However, if you are doing something unusual in the docs, you can build locally and test how your changes will look in practice:
1. Clone the [microsoft/playwright.dev](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright.dev) repo.

> 2. Follow [the playwright.dev README instructions to "roll docs"](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright.dev/#roll-docs) against your local `playwright` repo with your changes in progress.
> 3. Follow [the playwright.dev README instructions to "run dev server"](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright.dev/#run-dev-server) to view your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow [the playwright.dev README instructions to "roll docs"](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright.dev/#roll-docs) against your local `playwright` repo with your changes in progress.
1. Follow [the playwright.dev README instructions to "run dev server"](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright.dev/#run-dev-server) to view your changes.
```

> 2. Follow [the playwright.dev README instructions to "roll docs"](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright.dev/#roll-docs) against your local `playwright` repo with your changes in progress.
> 3. Follow [the playwright.dev README instructions to "run dev server"](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright.dev/#run-dev-server) to view your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow [the playwright.dev README instructions to "roll docs"](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright.dev/#roll-docs) against your local `playwright` repo with your changes in progress.
1. Follow [the playwright.dev README instructions to "run dev server"](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright.dev/#run-dev-server) to view your changes.
```
